Split PR part 1: SMTP Configuration + Shared code (#12)
OctopusDeploy/octopus-serverspec-extensions: docs/octopus_deploy_smtp_config.md

# octopus_deploy_smtp_config

> Tests the server-wide SMTP configuration. This can be found in the UI under Configuration -> SMTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests the server-wide SMTP configuration. This can be found in the Octopus Portal under Configuration -> SMTP
```

_what if this moves in some UI reshuffle_?

Reviewer: Do we need to say its a serverspec module?

Author: Probably not. There's a change to the root readme inbound later, and this file is linked from there. The whole shebang gets docs.

## Example

```ruby

> describe octopus_deploy_smtp_config do

Reviewer: Dont i need to pass an api key and server url here?

Author: It's optional as of this set of changes (can go as ENV vars)

Author: (explained in the new readme and in `authentication.md`, which will come in a batch of docs later)

  it { should be_configured }

>   it { should have_from_address('hello@my.email.domain') }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it { should have_from_address('hello@example.com') }
```

  it { should be_using_credentials('myusername') }
  it { should_not be_using_credentials('myspecialusername') }
  it { should be_on_port(25) }
  it { should be_on_host('smtp.my.email.domain')}
  it { should be_using_ssl }
end
```

> #### Type

Reviewer: Not sure what this block is telling me...

Author: Basically the different ways you can construct to object. Everything will have a shorter alias going forward, and auth info is optional. So there are four ways you can construct any given type
